You
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good. That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
You
As a surgeon, you should be speaking out on this. You could save lives.
Dude, what the fuck? I didn't know anything about this. How am I meant to know about this?
You know what? I don't know about everything.
I can
You shouldn't think that just because you're on to something that someone else should be doing it to, buddy.
We've all got our own jobs to do. I don't tell you what to do.
What the fuck?
Anyway, I mean, the reason why I try to get through to you, get your number, call you and you're busy last time and I'm not busy
is that, look, I went back through the podcast and I'm afraid
I think it wasn't good enough mate.
I don't know how to explain this to you, but
you know, it was about, it was just over an hour, but the thing is
what was relevant was like literally just 15 minutes and
it was just dragged out and there was not enough substance, not enough facts, not enough details.
I would also say try and work on your presentation.
You drag things out and speak very slowly and
it's just you need to be a bit more punchy, a bit more punchy,
a bit more animated, a bit more lively.
I mean, I don't know if you're just a bit flat that day or what. I don't know.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J. J. Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for CHD
and I believe he has a PhD in
some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
Good morning from Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania. It's 1051 and I'm late for the 10-10 appointment
that I had today to dispel the enchantment with you.
But I am here and pushing the button as often as possible.
I am not Mark Koolak about to spring together nearly 30 days of continuous broadcast.
But I am trying to follow his lead and make sure that I'm here regularly.
There's a lot of balls to juggle and if you don't show up every day to throw a few more in the air,
the balls start to hit the ground really fast.
Your consciousness is still the prime real estate that all these people are positioning themselves to control
and what you perceive is probably not true yet
because you probably haven't been working as hard as I have
to try and understand it now. That could be.
There are obviously people here that are an exception to that rule.
Most of the people in the chat are here every day.
There's a group of about 35 or 40 of you guys that are just shout out to you guys.
This is really impressive.
There still is really no evidence of spread in New York City.
Infectious clones are still the only thing that nobody can really seem to usefully talk about.
Placebo batches are still just something that nobody really says out loud.
Different doses is very different than placebo batches.
Transfection in healthy mammals is dumb.
It's actually criminally negligent. Nobody seems to be able to say that either.
They seem also weary of mentioning that the protocols were murder.
Never trying to explore what other parts of the protocol might have contributed to the murder
but rather they want us to settle on a couple dumb ideas.
Gain of function is still a mythology. They're trying to get us to teach our children
and this mystery that we're supposed to solve about a gain of function virus
with the dog called Scooby-Doo is still happening.
And it's because of a spectacular commitment to lies.
All of these people are spectacularly committed to telling the lies that they were paid
or coerced into telling from the very beginning.
And you will see a very consistent pattern on the Internet.
Now ladies and gentlemen of people trying to attribute bad motives to me.
Bad motives because they don't want to talk about the basic biological principles
and statements that we are trying to focus on here.
But instead they want you to believe that I attacked people
or was interfering somehow with or slandering them or something like this.
When in reality you know if you do a stream with Vajon Health and Charles Rixi
and someone who calls himself the raccoon commander
you might not be choosing your forums very well.
And if you present with slides that are just covered with words
and slides you choose to just kind of skip this one and skip that one.
There are people who can see through that.
There are people who can see that that's just patently bullshit.
That you are not usefully trying to help anyone understand the illusion
but you're just really throwing a little more smoke.
Making a little more mud in the water so that no one can really see very far.
Because in the end everybody's trying to climb this ladder
to get on board with these people.
These weaponized piles of money that are slowly trying to erase our history.
These weaponized piles of money that have been using public health as an excuse
to govern us with pharmacology, govern us with toxins.
They've been trying for decades to figure out a way to get control of the population problem as they call it.
And these forward facing brochure people that we have been made to believe
by the TV or the people we're supposed to oppose
are actually just comic book actors in a show with many more layers.
And if we want to make gentle the life of this world as we step out of this mythology
we're going to have to focus very very much on the biology.
Especially in America because in America right now we are divided amongst ourselves
in a very dangerous way and it's because it's by design.
But I think that if we teach our children to see the wave
and we teach our children to ride the wave
I think we can all reach the shore.
Not only reach the shore but we can reach the shore in style.
But you're going to have to learn the biology.
You're going to have to teach your children the way that this system has
the waves of this system have been used against us.
And the waves of this system are lies.
The waves of this system are an actual focus
on trying to control the organized habits and opinions of the masses.
If you want to break out of this wave you're going to have to stay focused on the biology.
You can't take the bait on social media and you've got to learn to love your neighbor again.
You've got to learn again what that means.
So much of our time on social media spends separating us
and getting us to explore thought patterns that would have never otherwise been
exposed to.
And so we need a wake up call.
And maybe gig ome biological can be that wake up call for some people.
That's all I can really hope at this stage.
It's one person at a time.
Anyway, I'm so happy that there's 48 people here.
It's going to be a jazz show today.
We're going to do a little bit of a repeat, a little bit of a recap of what we've been doing
over the last couple weeks because we've actually set a lot of fires under people's feet.
And the responses that we are getting are actually very interesting.
I actually think that a recording that I made this weekend may possibly have been part of an effort
to try and trap me somehow in some way.
It's also possible that I'm completely mistaken and paranoid.
And so I'm going to move carefully forward with regard to what I do next.
But that's why I wasn't on yesterday.
I had an interview yesterday and the interview went very well.
The interview went very well, but I also felt as though there was a possibility.
Well, I'll get to it in a second.
Good morning, everybody.
May all your primers be nested indeed.
What a great idea that is.
I'm going to say that all the time now. Thank you very much, infectious clone. What a great phrase.
It is the 20th of May, 2024. I apologize for not being online yesterday.
I did do an interview with a gentleman from Canada who was quite cordial in asking to do the interview, but also a bit strange.
And up until very recently, I've just attributed that to him being a French Canadian and are having a little bit of a language.
Interesting language difficulty.
But yesterday, I was recording the interview.
At the end of the interview, he reminded me that that in the course of our communications before the interview, he had asked me not to stream it live.
And I remember, you know, kind of thinking to myself, Oh, man, I don't really like that.
And I also remember thinking to myself, well, you know, whatever, it's okay. He's a nice guy. And I just went on.
And then the interview came up Sunday.
And again, I didn't stream it, obviously.
And we got to the end of the interview and he said that he was, again, you know, was going to take him a few weeks, maybe up to four weeks in order for the interview to be posted.
In our previous conversations, it was something about front loading a new podcast or something like this. So as far as I understand, although, you know, slap me on the head.
I didn't really do much background checking on this person. I just said, okay, whatever.
Interview fine.
And I don't have any, I don't have a good feeling about a four week delay because it dawned on me that if.
Well, number one, the guy was very sympathetic to some of the no virus players. And so there were a couple times in the interview where I felt as though, wait a minute, you, you have a bias that I didn't understand that you had before.
And I coped with it very well, but there was fairly well, but there were a couple of heated exchanges where I got a little upset, which is, you know, what is that par for the course for me here. I mean, give me a break.
If you see a two and a half hour interview of me where I don't get upset about something that I guess it's probably not me. It's probably an AI and you should discount it.
So anyway, at the end of the interview, I just felt like, wow, I really worked hard for that two and a half hours to try and get these explanations right and, you know, try and tweak what I just said because he asked to follow up question.
And so I felt like it was a very effective discussion, where even sometimes when I got pushed and I got a little, you know, clause came out, it was for a reason. And when I did that, I was able to grab back on and say, no, this is why.
And I haven't reviewed.
What was said, and, and I haven't reviewed my notes.
I sent him an email afterwards saying I'm not really happy with this embargo time. And I'm thinking about maybe making a transcript of what happened and putting it up as a sub stack and.
And then the communications went south. So I'm not really sure how I'm going to handle it, but it may be that what I'll do is, well, you'll see later today I'll take care of it I do have a pretty good idea of what I'm going to do.
But for now, suffice it to say that I just wanted to let everybody that actually pays attention regularly to my work.
Know that there are some, there are some new combinations of words, and there are some new ways of talking about some of the main points that we make on this show out there right now.
And in theory available on a recording that could be being distributed at this time. Why is that bad? Well, if, if the person that I did the interview with this weekend is a good guy and just meaning well, and, and this embargo time is really for him to build up the, you know, the collection or whatever so
when he starts is his new thing he has enough material to look like he's sustaining it.
But it's 2024. And so for me, you know, recording is a recording how much editing do you have to do does it take a few hours maybe a day a Saturday I don't know but the idea of front loading a podcast so that you can release.
So it seems like a pretty short sided idea from the perspective of somebody like me and I'm sure my friend Mark coolac would agree.
Mark coolac is about to produce is what 900 and 901 episode.
I'm sure that if Mark had, you know, taken 100 episodes and recorded them before he started releasing them regularly on Monday, I don't think it would have made much of a difference in his current status on the Internet in the same way that had I recorded a few interviews
and then released them, you know, every Monday it's not going to make a huge difference in my penetration of the Internet.
And so this excuse started to feel a little bit weak. And when I reread some of the email exchanges before the show I just realized that look I don't, I don't have any obligation to agree to this embargo so I just sent him an email and said I'm not comfortable with it.
And the reaction was was pretty negative. So we'll see what we do.
But I want everybody to know that.
I'll reiterate this one more time that there are some new combinations of words out there and some very good explanations about this stuff that I have more or less come up with on the off the cuff and a discussion with somebody and I do think it's valuable enough information
that holding it for four weeks so that some random dude can start a podcast in the way that he wants to or imagines will be most optimal for his venture. I don't think really it doesn't make sense to me if you're really trying to help, you know, save the world, which I don't want to sound like
what else, what else do you call what we're trying to do where we and all of us here, they don't want you to think it's possible so they don't want to say it but what else are we doing here other than trying to save the world trying to get the collective of humanity to pull their heads out.
So I'm a little frustrated but I've got good friends and good advisors. And so I'm probably not going to make any ridiculous mistakes but I do think it's possible.
I do think it's possible that there were some ulterior motives there and so whatever it was we're going to try and mitigate that to make sure that that as little as possible can be used against us so to speak.
I mean think think just very bare minimum, you know, some of the things that I talked about on the podcast couldn't theory be discussed with people and they could come up with what seemed like reasonable counter arguments so that they can throw these things
all over the Internet in the next four weeks.
And then when that podcast comes out there already be all this shit out there, you know that that says all this and says all that or or has already started to use words like illusion of consensus on another podcast and claim it's theirs.
And so those kinds of things are what I'm paranoid about it.
I don't know I mean should I use 20 minutes for this who cares because this show is for you it's for me it's for all the people that take GIGO and biologically is biological as serious as I think it should be taken.
So, you know, here's where we are I expected to be attacked again and I expected that as we've said before they run out of actors so there have to be new ones.
And is it really surprising that it would be a Canadian I don't think it is.
So apologies to that person if they're listening and it turns out that they're just good guys and I think that if they turn out to be just good guys then this is going to be no problem at all.
But it's just to make sure that everybody realizes that if I start to say that up that stolen from me.
And you haven't heard it before it might very well be because of this interview this weekend and then there are some things with regard to laws in Canada and America that make me a little bit cautious about how much other how many other details I share about the situation
and that's where we are just fun times here at GIGO and biological where I'm a human just like you and I'm actually not very smart because I just have a wife and kids and I rent my house and a former academic biologist just trying to fight a much much much
larger system and and and many many piles of weaponized money.
And so yeah I'm going to make mistakes and and and things aren't going to go perfectly even with my IT here because this is not this is a one man show reality TV if you will because what else do you want.
We have a message and that message keeps getting ignored and the more that they ignore it the more that I'm going to repeat it intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
The spread of bad ideas which are counter to the three statements that I just made are actually the best definition of what this pandemic was.
It was an orchestrated spread of bad ideas which made everyone on the left and the right come to the conclusion that there was a lab lead.
So in two days show I would like to watch a Twiv. It's from a couple days ago and I know some people don't like Twiv but actually Vincent Rack and yellow is not in this one he's sick or something.
It would be a shame if the transfection got him wouldn't it.
Anyway, I wanted to watch this because I want you to see how deeply entrenched academic biologists can be.
Now I understand that this is a subset of academic biologists that are especially entrenched in virology because they have participated in this Twiv for so long.
But what is important to understand.
What is important to understand. Oh, I see what that is.
Something is playing over here.
What is important to understand is that these people represent how an academic biologist at a university of Pittsburgh School of Medicine could be also made to feel as as though it's okay to offload the responsibility of understanding on to these people.
What Twiv represents is an illusion of consensus. There's four or three people on the screen.
And they are actively engaging in an agreement about something that most the vast majority of their viewers have no real background with which to evaluate whether or not these people are in agreement about something dumb or an agreement about something that that is valid.
And so it's important to see just like the laugh track on a comedy show makes it harder for you not to laugh because there is an illusion of consensus that gets created when that laugh track is playing in the background that spurs your consciousness to start laughing under the assumption that that illusion of consensus is real.
And when people engage in watching Twiv or the view.
Or any of these other programs where multiple people discuss something what you're watching is a active creation of an illusion of consensus about what questions are the right questions to ask and what are the right answers to consider.
You don't want to use Twiv as a way of of batting down particular narratives as so much as also an example of how magical it is.
If you take more than one person that has agreed or wittingly or unwittingly to perpetuate an untruth, a lie, a mythology, how easy it is for three people to do.
And then, if I can toot my own horn and toot the horn of Mark Coolack.
Although some people say that you know Mark needs to be a little more punchy.
It becomes pretty amazing if people can produce content that is interesting and useful and educational all by themselves and convince you to reconsider ideas all by themselves because there's no illusion of consensus here.
There's just some guy with a backwards baseball cap on and goofy hair and eyebrows that get pulled out of position by the hat.
So what I'm suggesting to you is, is that we are all vulnerable to this and in fact it was the magic spell that was cast on us and that in fact, the illusion of consensus that's being created in the background.
Has been created by a similar illusion of consensus.
Where no matter what podcast you go on and no matter what face you listen to it seems like they all agree.
And so the illusion of consensus extends across time and space.
Temporally distributed across these different people.
But because there is a script or more importantly, a series of ideas that they are not allowed to talk about, and then anything else is fine.
That this illusion of consensus is so magnificent.
You got to have an appreciation for it really.
Anyway, let's let's see how this works. I think I have to go out of this.
I need to go over to the brains here I think that work.
Oh no, I can't do that here. I'm going to shift over.
Do that here.
And then I think I have it already up on this computer.
I do.
So this is on my Mac, which means that sometimes there's going to be an ad and I'm going to have to wait five seconds to click it over.
I apologize for that. I know that's again, you know, it's just the way it works when you stream from your garage.
Let's do this.
That's about viruses, the kind that make you sick.
From Microbe TV, this is Twiv. This week in virology, episode 1115 1115.
He's actually got a pretty nice voice, but my goodness for an academic.
For an academic who's supposed to present and teach for a living.
I mean, wow.
It just is, it's, it's really sad. I mean, my, my son could read it better than him.
I'm going to keep this going at normal speed because they're funny. And, and again, the point is to start to step back a little bit and to try and understand the particular power of a three person illusion.
That on May 17, 2024. I'm Alan Dove. You're listening to the podcast all about viruses and joining me today from Madison, New Jersey, Fran Barker.
Hi, it's great to be here. It's a great big giant phage and rather cloudy here.
Good day to be inside. She's getting gray. I feel bad for her.
Yeah, it's actually, she's not looking healthier. Trying to be nice weather here. It's 75 and pleasant, but mostly cloudy. So we'll see where that goes. And also joining us. Yeah, that phage is hilarious.
And they call me. Oh, I need this. I need this mouse. Hello. So he doesn't have viruses behind him about what you described. He's got a page right there.
The other thing is that it seems a little sticky. It doesn't seem like it's a good 70 degrees. It seems like it's a little bit.
It's a wet heat. It's exactly right. Exactly right. Good day for broadcasting. Absolutely.
And of course I am in Western Massachusetts. So I am the only non New Jersey participant today. That's right.
A couple of announcements before we dig into the meat of the episode.
A couple of public service announcements. First of all, the Mitchellson prizes. Next generation grants are annual. I always find it.
I always find it funny when they when they have have their diplomas in the background. It's not to say that I don't have a diploma, but I actually have my diploma up next to my wife's diploma because it's like we went to the same university and graduated together
and it's over there because it's to remind me that we do it together. It's not back there to remind you of me.
And so I've never felt even if I had an office at a university right now, that would be up, not because it's a diploma, but because it's a cool document and it's got this big seal on it because it's an old Dutch graduation document.
But I would never put it up to brag that I did a little research. Like, it's just funny. Once you do a PhD, you realize that anyone could do it. I mean, anyone can do it.
If you wanted to do a PhD in plant biology right now and you could find a lab to take you, you could do it. It's not impossible. It's just a set amount of work and a set amount of time and you just start it and you finish it.
It's no different than a lot of other things that we do as adults.
And so to raise yourself up as a PhD without actively exhibiting the expertise that you claim to have, it's actually quite sad.
And that is the kind of expert that we're dealing with on the internet with regard to viruses and infectious disease.
We're dealing with armchair quarterbacks and we're dealing with armchair quarterbacks that unless they stave to a very strict set of ideas and broad topics, they can't actually talk to you about where the irreducible complexity starts and where the sacred biology is visible.
And I feel as though people like Robert Malone and Meryl Nasse and Kevin McCairn and Kevin McCurnan and Charles Rixie and all these other people, Christine Grace, that have masqueraded as as experts or or whistle blowers or people that are going to come out and tell us about what biology these people are lying about
or that these people have misled us on, they have not usefully broadened our understanding of the trap we're in.
Instead, they have basically perpetuated a series of narratives that are going to lead to further confusion, further fear and uncertainty in doubt with regard to the future.
And that is the extraordinary effect that all of these people from them, all the way to the darkest corners of the internet where people were also planted is that this illusion of consensus that's created by five people agreeing that isolation and purification.
And that's not what they need to be argued about and redefined and everybody needs to submit to admitting that they don't isolate and they don't purify viruses and when they say culture virus that's not what they mean, they don't culture virus.
The illusion of consensus actually trapped people in a place where they never made one more step and can and said that Oh, they are not actually culturing virus they're just transfecting cell cultures,
and the messages that I said on the podcast on Sunday yesterday.
It's a very simple message RNA virology is sustained by the misconception that using a DNA cloned molecule in quantity or an RNA cloned molecule in quantity to transform or transfect a cell culture.
Whatever cellular material results from that transformation and transfection is viral culture.
And we have never succeeded in demanding that virology admit that that the use of a cloned molecule quantity, transfection transformation of cell culture is not virology it's not evidence of viruses in nature.
And amazingly, the illusion of consensus that was created in this no virus camp.
None of them were able to get there.
And they were just, they were actually just one logical step from saying, Oh my gosh, they're just transforming and transfecting cell cultures and calling that viral production.
And they were never able to say it.
And I suspect they're never going to say it until they decide to, or they are told to, or they're queued up to, or we make it impossible for them not to try and absorb it as their idea all along.
Just like the idea that gain of function as a mythology is something that they only started saying after we said it.
Gain of function is a mythology they actually stole that from us and started saying it in 2023.
And pretending that it was their idea.
Now, is there a separate part of this?
Of course, because inside of this debate here.
There are going to be all kinds of bad questions that academic biologists think are good questions and they're, they're collusion of consensus about what good questions are and what, what the right answers are will make any academic
biologist grad student or interested harm chair biologists think wow these people are really digging down into the weeds and I can follow them and it's I just feel great.
And so let's listen because it is actually pretty amazing what they talk about in the beginning of this because although it is obviously not the side of the narrative that we are on, it is extremely useful to hear them talk about some of the things that they talk about so I'm just
Oh, it must be a dinner and this is something. This is something about this is something about the coming.
It's too bad. So I'm going to pause this. There is a American society of virology meeting in Columbus, Ohio at the end of June. And so technically speaking, I could still register for it, but it would cost almost a thousand dollars to go.
Now if there was somebody out there with a crap ton of cash that thinks that that's a great idea. It's at the end of June. So I'll be here.
It's after the red pill event and it's not that far of a drive.
I would consider going because there's going to be a twiv episode there and it's Columbus, Ohio is really close. I didn't understand that it was so close and I blew it.
Had I known this a couple months earlier, I probably would be going because there's all kinds of potential gains to be made if I could go to that meeting. So they're talking about this meeting that's coming up next month.
And so I'll just play, but I'm going to click forward until he stops talking about it.
We'll deliver confident engaging presentations. That's by L. N. A.
Many others.
Either of the past two years, if you went to a black.
Bring it with the papers, which is that if you like what we are doing, please can consider supporting the science shows of micro TV at micro.tv slash contribute.
So they are they are they are raising money at the end for those who they are raising money. Why would they raise money?
They are all 10 year track professors. Why would they be raising money?
Who are they raising money for?
Are you telling me they can't do a podcast? They need to get compensated for it.
Think about this very, very carefully here because it's extraordinary that they would ask any money.
Do I ask money, but I don't ask money like that. I'm asking money seriously like, you know, this is not to I don't know make a studio in Manhattan look better or to buy a couch for the studio in Manhattan or to buy a new camera for for Vincent.
It's not we are the people that support this stream are actually putting baloney in the sandwiches. That's what I'm talking about. So thank you very much to everybody that's doing that.
It's very humbling that so many people are willing to support this work. So let's again, let's keep it on topic around because if you listen to a whole episode, then you're really ought to be on board with us.
All right. We have a snippet and a paper. We'll start off with a snippet, which I apologize to those of you who are trying to read these papers. They are both pay walled, but they are good papers. So I can't do that anyway.
I gotta fix that. Sorry about that. The snippet is a paper from the Lancet called immunogenicity and safety of a booster dose of a self amplifying RNA COVID-19 vaccine.
All the ark 154 versus BNT 16 to B2. That's comernity. The mRNA vaccine COVID-19 vaccine double line multi center randomized controlled phase three non inferiority trial.
All right, so to parse that.
There's a company that there are a number of people, a number of companies that have worked on developing self replicating mRNA vaccines over the past many years.
And in fact, I believe Pfizer was working on one for COVID-19, but they ended up going with the mRNA vaccine. Correct that they they felt was the stronger initial candidate.
Yes, there were a few self amplifying mRNA vaccines that were under development. The one that is described here.
The first author of this paper, by the way, I don't know if we mentioned it was Yoda or Yoda. So almost Yoda.
I was just going to get to authors in a moment.
The senior author is waltzing.
And this group has been previously working on this RNA vaccine ark 154 in Japan.
And it has actually been approved in Japan and was previously trialed in a trial in Vietnam.
Can you, before you started on the meat of this paper, just described for the people who don't know, including myself, what a self amplifying vaccine was just was just going to get to that.
Oh, good.
By the way, these folks on this paper are from Meiji Seika, pharma, Kitasado University in Tokyo, Arcterus Therapeutics in San Diego and Walsen Consulting in Seattle.
Right. So this is, it's an mRNA vaccine like the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines, but with those, what happens is you get injected with the vaccine.
And the mRNA dose that goes in is only encoding the antigen, the spike, like a protein that's going to, you know, give the immune response.
In this case, what you're getting with a self replicating vaccine is the antigen, plus the molecular machinery machinery to replicate this RNA. There's an RNA directed RNA polymerase.
Right. So basically, it's just a longer piece of RNA that encodes both the spike and the polymerase.
It's a nice reaction by the old guy, right? Oh, wow.
So he's actually, I've often had the feeling that I think that's Dixon.
I've had the feeling that Dixon is a little bit more like, come on.
Sometimes he's like, he's almost falling out of it, you know, like, but he's probably just done so many experiments and understands that people exaggerate and whatever.
And so, you know, he's too old to care, but every once in a while, you can hear this guy kind of like, huh?
So RNA dependent RNA polymerase, presumably according to, according to David Baltimore, a viral enzyme is now going to be encoded in an RNA along with the antigen of choice.
And this is all fine because, you know, the most important enzyme in viral infection can be used as a medical therapeutic with very little problem.
It's very easy for us to use a viral enzyme to create more viral RNA that encodes for more viral RNA dependent RNA polymerase and more viral protein.
It's very easy for us to do that because viruses and their enzymes are very useful.
I'm sorry for that voice. I just, I'm, I'm at wit's end here because it is just absolutely.
It's mind blowing to me that these people can't see the contradiction, the incongruity, the, the, the, just things that don't line up in this model.
Biology.
They're just happy to say RNA vaccine over and over and over again.
And they're happy to just read the brochure and say, yeah, they have an RNA dependent RNA polymerase along with the antigen and that's, that's better because it needs less.
They don't need as much then.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in big trouble because the, the academic biology big picture is unavailable anymore.
The, the broad understanding of the irreducible complexity that we are trying to scratch the surface of is unavailable.
And if we don't rush to the aid of those young people that are being actively engaged by these.
These bad ideas.
We're, we're going to be enslaved for generations to come.
And these people may very well be on winning participants. In fact, most of the people in academia are probably on winning participants. I was there.
The trap is extremely intricate inside of a university.
Intricate in a way that involves seminars and asking the right questions with the right words at seminars and sending the right emails and showing up at the right meetings and, and, and teaching the right course for the right person and.
And, and I don't know sharing a methodology with the right grad student.
It's all one big cluster F of hierarchy that is created on purpose to make all of these otherwise very intelligent focused hardworking people have enough hamster wheels to run on so that they never actually usefully get anywhere.
And that's what also depresses me about it because I was inside of academia I know how beautiful these people are.
And I know how close they are to understanding how.
How insignificant their question really is. And in that insignificance is where the beauty of biology lies and yet.
And yet for some reason or another these people are not quite able to make that step that's it that's how beautiful the cages it's they are right next to this invisible barrier force field like on doom that you can't pass through without moving very slowly and deliberately out.
Otherwise it's completely a solid wall you can't even tell it you can't do anything about it.
People are wholly inside of it because when they get off of this podcast and they, they go back to their room, the confirmation is all around them.
The illusion of consensus that they built up in their home and in their office and amongst their faculty is impenetrable.
Even through pain and suffering they may not escape.
And it owes only for the grace of God that I escaped because they fired me.
And I've said this before and I'll say it again if they would have just let me work on that German microscope and that German equipment that I just got for free.
That I just got myself for free and said oh my gosh Jay you got to get that thing working we're going to give you a bigger room and a grad student.
There would be no giggle biological.
And I'm sure that I would be gladly teaching young graduate students how to do the experiments that I've been doing for the last 20 years and tune the optics of a microscope and and how to get their pipettes the right shape and and all the other tricks and and
that I had to make my experiments as replicable as possible as reliably doable as possible that was my thing.
I wanted nothing more than to just bike ride to that university and keep working there.
What a mistake they made.
Now I hope that I can be a sort of lifeguard outside of the pool that anybody that actually asked for help I can definitely help them escape.
And it is an active thing you've got to slowly move directly out of academia you can't try to, you know, leave gracefully or or or use it to your advantage that you were there.
But it's a full blown direct active excavation that's required or extraction that's required.
A lot like removing somebody from the matrix in that movie there's there's there's there's there's tubes that need to be yanked out of your head.
There's people because they don't the tubes don't itch anymore and the temperature of their bath is perfectly warm after many years of fine tuning.
These people are never going to wake up.
And so we need our children to be able to see we need our friend fellow adults our neighbors to be able to see that this magic that's created by three people.
This magic that gets created by multiple people on the PBS NewsHour talking about stuff. This magic needs to be dispelled. We need to go back to a single person talking to us.
Not having a conversation with somebody else.
But we need to go back to single people talking to us about single ideas one at a time and explaining them so that then we can subsequently evaluate them.
And the, the spontaneous sometimes.
And otherwise very carefully orchestrated limited spectrums of debate that we are exposed to all to all the time on social media that is the bait.
So these people are trying to convince the old guy that you know, using a viral protein in combination with a viral protein using a viral enzyme RNA in combination with a viral protein RNA is something that we can use to augment the immune system
because we understand how all this stuff works. And he's just a little skeptical but because the tubes have been in his head for 40 years, he's not skeptical enough.
It's not safe for him to be skeptical that just find somebody else to be on this podcast and retire him early. Are you kidding me?
Not that he knows that or anything but that's what would happen.
Okay, let's listen to them talk about self replicating RNA and let's listen to them talk about storage because that's also really funny.
How long does that actually go on.
There he goes. How long does it keep expressed.
It's a longer piece of RNA that encodes both the spike and the polymerase. How long does that actually go on.
That I didn't see in this paper.
They don't specifically address how much how long it is expressed, but they talk about the idea that it is hypothesized to express for a longer period of time than the traditional mRNA vaccine.
But they do not give a they don't in this study sort of go into the details of how long it's expressed.
And it's still an intramuscular injection.
It's still intramuscular injection. It's still in a lipid carrier.
All of that's the same. The other thing that becomes really useful about one of the self amplifying vaccines is that you can use a lower dose in the patient because the dose that you put in will amplify.
Absolutely. And since we have seen with some of the mRNA vaccines, some side effects or administration, perhaps by delivering a smaller dose of nucleic acid, we wouldn't have the same types of side effects.
Yeah, we have any active self replicating vaccines on the market.
Well, other than attenuated vaccines that have been around for decades. I mean, that's an infection.
Yeah, those are actual infectious virus. Yeah.
There is not another vaccine like this one that is a completely self contained.
It's not actually a virus. It's just the bare minimum equipment you need to replicate the mRNA and produce the antigen.
Yeah. And so this group has been working on this. And so this vaccine that they are studying here is probably the furthest along in previous trials in Japan and Vietnam before the child that we're going to talk about here.
Right.
Right. So as Brian mentioned, this is a vaccine that has now been approved. I think it was approved in January in Japan.
And the companies, well, Arcturus Therapeutics is the company that I that developed this.
Arcturus. Do I know that? Do we know that? Mark, are you watching? Do we know that name? Arcturus? I think we do. I don't know it off the top of my head, but I think we do. Anyone know that name.
And then they are, I think, going for European approval next and presumably looking for a wide approvals. The other advantage of this vaccine, I gather it can be stored at refrigerator temperatures, lyophilized.
Is that a red that somewhere? That was also what I what I read.
And I certainly saw in some of the reviews that it was not something that needed to be stored at all at minus 80. Right. It was not nearly as sensitive as the original mRNA vaccines.
Yeah, so the Pfizer vaccine that was a major stumbling block is you can't just you can't even just put it in a regular freezer. You have to put it in basically liquid nitrogen in order to transport it or for a lab grade minus.
So that's a very strange incongruity here because the Pfizer vaccine was a lipid nanoparticle and an RNA. This is a lipid. They just said it like 30 seconds ago that it's the same lipid nanoparticle in this self replicating RNA.
So, one of the things to understand about this stuff. And I'm just going to draw a picture that's not really relevant but a picture to just try to help you understand what I'm getting at.
I hope this works is that when they package these RNA what they actually do is they have some kind of microfluidics device, which, you know, brings them together in some weird fashion.
But the lipid nanoparticles come through here and maybe there's a funnel or something, you know, that they go in and they are made into a certain size.
And then the RNA comes through here and they mix in such a way that they swirl around in some microfluidics pattern. And then the average lipid nanoparticle size that comes out over here is directly dependent on these various patented processes
for introducing the RNA to the lipid nanoparticle complement.
Now, I know that this is an absolutely ridiculously terrible drawing but my point is to understand that the RNA and the lipid nanoparticles are brought together in such a way via microfluidics where the average lipid nanoparticle size is below toxic levels.
Remember that one of the things that we have learned from some of these lipid nanoparticle people when they're not saying nonsense is that the lipid nanoparticles need to be a certain size in order to not be by chemical definition toxic, the larger they get
and the more sort of congeulated they become the more toxic the lipid nanoparticle is the lipid portion of the particle is that's the problem that again, some of these people are covering up other people are trying to say that the lipid itself is doing
more damage than the transfection would be. And so all of these things I think are hamster wheels that we've been sort of tricked into running in it's not one or the other it's all of these bad ideas combined into one.
And so the important thing to understand is that there might be many patents here.
There are many, many patents here. There are patents on the shape of the microfluidics and the design of the chambers and the machines and the pressures and the whole thing.
There's probably many, many more patents that can be potentially made with regard to the processes of bringing together the RNA or the DNA with lipid nanoparticles that could ever be made with monoclonal antibodies for example.
In fact monoclonal antibodies are something that the Supreme Court in the United States right at the beginning of the pandemic decided we're not really that patentable anymore because the biology underlying the patents was actually pretty bunk.
And so that's a funny story that that actually has ramifications all the way up until now in this particular story because I want you to see that that if there is a viable reason why lipid nanoparticles that were produced in 2020 needed to be stored at minus 80 degrees
but lipid nanoparticles that are produced in 2024 can be lyophilized and can be stored at room temperature. That's a pretty bold statement.
Lyophilization is the drying and I think it is just just the removal of water but to be honest I would have to look up the word.
I do believe it means that but I'm just going to do it right now.
Lyophilization lyophilized is to resolve precipitate with dissolve and benzene and lyophilize to give a powder.
So you're freeze drying and it says.
Lyophilization is freeze drying a process which water is removed from a product after it's frozen and placed under a vacuum.
So I'm a little confused as to how you could lyophilize something that in 2020 definitely required to be in suspension at minus 80 as opposed to.
And maybe maybe the minus 80 thing was a story that we were supposed to argue about.
Maybe the minus 80 thing was supposed to be a story that was going to be augmenting the idea that there are different doses.
Oh my goodness, some of the doses are very dangerous.
Other of the doses aren't hurting anyone.
Maybe it has to do with their storage.
And now conveniently the chemistry and physical limitations of lipid nanoparticles have been nicely overcome.
And now we don't have to worry about that anymore.
It's a wonderful assumption that I don't think any of these people have the biochemistry background to wax intellectual about whether it's real.
But they seem to be pretty convinced that it's real because they're willing to report it as an illusion of consensus on a podcast that they want to reach around the world with.
Right, freezer.
Right, so this has obviously already, as we said, it's already been approved. So obviously it's already been through phase three clinical trials. So why the heck are they doing the phase three clinical trial and publishing it now.
This is the it's a follow up study where this is not just about finding out if it leads to antibody production that was the trial in Vietnam.
They proved that it works and it prevents, you know, severe COVID-19 here.
It's an actual head to head trial against the Pfizer vaccine to see if it's they don't want to say if it's better.
Let's say if it's not worse. That's a non inferiority trial.
The other thing that's really important about this.
That's nice and non inferiority trial is the is the CDC FDA equivalent of a a test experimental test of a vaccine.
So basically they give the previous poison as a control and the new poison as the experimental group. And if there's a difference, they're looking at that difference. They're not looking at any other difference.
This, of course, from Paul office perspective is the ethical way to do it because vaccines are so great. You can't not give somebody a vaccine. So the only thing you can do is compare previous results with the new one.
And of course these people because they have all the hoses still stuck in their head.
They have no reason to question it. And in fact, their comfort and their fame and their, their higher, their rank on this hierarchical ladder that they are trapped on inside of their university.
Precludes them realizing that they are full of shit.
You can imagine that as we get further and further from 2020.
We can think about making improved vaccines and that's awesome.
But it's harder and harder to test them because people already have some immunity.
And so here they're not just testing is this vaccine.
Non inferior.
They're checking to see whether it's non inferior as a booster.
So that's spectacular, right? Because now they are really talking about nothing because they are working on so many assumptions here.
They have previous immunity and she wasn't even clear. What do you mean from previous vaccines? I guess so because they're talking about it in the context of a booster.
And so, you know, the rabbit hole that we are in could be deeper than any of us realize and the whole idea of building immunity to a particular target may already be a giant mythology.
Remember that there's a whole half of of immunology in the early 2000s that was focused on immune memory as damage associated molecular patterns so molecular patterns that were dangerous.
They were dependent of what particular pathogen they were associated with.
And then there was a whole other field or half of immunology that said pathogen associated molecular patterns so the idea was very different.
One idea was is that the immune system focused on molecular patterns.
Sounds kind of like Buckminster Fuller molecular patterns that were consistently associated with damage or toxicity.
As opposed to pathogen associated molecular patterns, which is actually the immunology that we are being foisted upon here, which is that every pathogen needs to be a separate immune memory set in the immune system.
And that an immune system can be naive to a new pathogen because every pathogen has a unique set of immune signals that our immune system has to learn.
And I think this is a fundamental misconception that is only sustained because of a ridiculous illusion of consensus that is funded by billions of dollars by the NIH.
They just stopped funding people who were trying to understand the immune system as a generalizer across damage associated molecular patterns.
They just ended that whole funding stream and all investigations that had that theme.
And instead funded to the tune of billions of dollars every in any lab that was working on pathogen specific associated molecular patterns and the model of the immune system that that descends from that idea.
And then using p values never to actually test the consequences of that model.
Instead using p values to make sure that every experiment that ever gets reported only confirms it's got to be pathogen associated look it's got to be a new memory that that's just the way it just makes sense.
This is a very big idea that again is one of those ideas that when it comes out and people try to absorb it it's going to be very clearly coming from us nobody else besides us has said this.
And hat tip to Mark Coolack because Mark Coolack was one of the was the person that sort of pointed this out that back in the day.
There was this damage associated molecular pattern idea and as soon as I read it I was like oh my gosh Mark you don't even know how important this is.
This is gigantic.
Because it is a major paradigm shift of immune.
The model of the immune systems function if you think about generalizing across damage associated molecular patterns or generalizing.
Maybe across unique pathogens it's not really clear how their model works other than a unique memory is always needed and tweaked and built and modified.
And why what process with the immune system to decide what part of that 30,000 base pair genome or the proteins that can be produced from it should be the focus of the immune memory.
These people have no concept of that never elwax intellectual about how that process might be vital to understand but instead just move on with the correlates of immunity that were given to them by their funders and by their mentors before them.
So that their place on the ladder is safe.
Basically if you want to question these things you got to take your hands off the ladder and then you're surely going to fall off of it just like I did.
It's a beautiful thing once you see it that these people can't even come to the very simple analysis that I've just done that what chemically or biochemically was altered in the lipid nanoparticle RNA combination produced in the same way in 2020.
And now that that allows life elization.
They don't seem to notice they don't seem to care why didn't they lifelize the Pfizer vaccine so that we didn't have to worry about the minus 80 refrigerators at the CBS.
Somebody connected to a minus 80 refrigeration company I mean what the hell.
How obvious is this.
Those of us who have already gotten previous doses of a traditional mRNA vaccine particularly the Pfizer vaccine, which they're mostly studying here.
Will this work as they they do it as a fourth dose in their patients and is it better or worse than getting another Pfizer vaccine as your fourth dose. Yes.
So that is pretty much the trial.
They they enrolled from December of 2022 to February of 2023.
Yeah, traditional right participants.
Unbelievable.
Their demographics is to become traditional on this group and randomized.
It's totally normalized if she's going to call it traditional.
Oh my gosh.
People double blind all the proper controls in here.
To receive a fourth booster dose with either the Pfizer vaccine or the the arc 154.
I would still argue vehemently for the idea that placebo doses are placebo batches are still being released.
It's the easiest explanation.
Think how cheap it is.
And think how sure foolproof it is.
It's foolproof.
If you want to convince somebody that this is safe.
That's the foolproof way to do it. Just roll out lots and lots of placebo.
And if you really want to be clever about it, just make sure you know where you're on it on where you aren't.
It's that simple.
And that's I think what that dose story was all about, you know, and all that.
That fretting over which doses which dose and who's storing it where and all this other crap that was all just hamster wheels.
We were supposed to run around in for a little while.
Nothing more.
And yeah, so they.
Basically found it's actually pretty straightforward paper.
You know, they're.
They're about equally well tolerated. There weren't any.
Particularly bad. They already knew from earlier trials, this was a safe vaccine, but this is a larger group and obviously you track safety.
There was one thing that I they don't really talk much about, but they mentioned it. There was a severe adverse event.
With abnormal hepatic function in the arc 154 group.
They concluded that it was related to the study vaccine, but they don't detail.
What was abnormal about the hepatic function?
Or how they knew that that was related to the study back.
How would you know it was related to the study vaccine?
Because that's where lipid nanoparticles go and every other study that we've ever done.
You see, again, if you don't read the papers, you don't know.
And this is a lot of the frustration that I have now a lot of times when I have an interview with somebody.
And they, they kind of want to go through the corner.
It's not like that.
You can't go through the force field.
Just real quick, you know, just show me the way it's real easy. No, everyone is going to have to do some work.
It's not going to be as simple as me sending you a couple links or choosing the right words and finally repeating them.
That's not going to happen.
In order for you to appreciate the Grand Canyon, you have to see it with your own eyes.
I've never seen the Grand Canyon with my own eyes and neither of my children or my wife.
So we can't appreciate the Grand. I have no idea.
And I'm happy to admit it.
I have been to the wind rivers in in Wyoming several times and I can tell you that.
That is one of the most beautiful places on earth and you cannot appreciate it unless you've actually been there.
30 miles from any other person surrounded by.
The wilderness that our forefathers.
Gave to us.
I can tell you, though, that that we have a chance.
There is a chance to save our children from this because it is simply them learning the biology and them seeing this as the real mystery that needs to be solved.
The real mystery that needs to be solved is who are we?
Where is this boundary of of irreducible complexity and how can we more accurately look at it and see it and appreciate it for what it is.
I do think it's possible. I just don't think that these are the people that that are going to do it. I don't these people will be the last to get on board the arc.
Academic biologists will probably be the last people to get on the arc.
They also might be this some of them might be the most easily saved because they're so close.
They're so close to being able to see how awful it is because they're all the way at the top of the building and they, you know, like on Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
They're standing on the railing and they got their head like this right against the window and they're looking down.
They can see all the little tiny cars down there and they know for sure that they have no business that high. They have no business being that high.
So, so certain of the things that got them there.
But when they turn around, it's a really fancy restaurant and all the people are happy they're there.
And so you go back to the dinner. You go back to the faculty meeting where you rank and your opinion matters.
Why would you ever question where you are now and the things and the ideas that got you there?
It's a long road ahead, ladies and gentlemen. It's definitely a long road ahead. This was just a little example.
You can watch more of that if you want to. I don't want to watch any of that. I instead would like to give you a very quick summary of where we are and then I'm going to let you go.
Because that's what we do here. We're going to do a little brief summary and then I will let you go using a lot of the old slides that I've used before.
Dr. James Giordano is probably the best place for us to start. We've been starting there for about three years now.
People on TV and in social media, many of them were placed there on purpose as part of the operation that James Giordano gives you a very public facing brochure version of.
The real version of the fifth generation warfare that's being waged on us involves liars on the Internet.
In fact, the same kind of thing that TWIV represents has been done to us on the Tommy podcast and the Shannon Joy podcast and the Defender podcast and all of these podcasts where an illusion of consensus is created by one or more liars.
One or more winning or unwitting participants that engage in the flexing of a limited spectrum of debate.
And that limited spectrum of debate right now is limited to talking about how bad the COVID shots are and not talking about the murder and lies that underlie the signal that was used to create the fear, uncertainty and doubt that led to the shots being rolled out
in the first place. In other words, opposing the shots as the shots are bad is not actually exposing the crime.
The crime is that they murdered people and also lied about people dying, why they died and also when they died probably in order to create the illusion of an impending all caused mortality crisis.
And without careful scrutiny of the data and the claims and the things that were said and not said in 2020 and 2021, we will not be able to extricate ourselves from this mythology.
And the people that are on the t-shirt side of this slide are actively wittingly or unwittingly coerced. I don't care engaged in this charade where they are hyper focused on the damage of the shots and hyper focused on a gain a function lab leak that's still spreading around the world.
And absolutely positively not interested in reexamining what they said themselves, what they did themselves or what they were up to in 2020 and 2021.
Because careful examination of their behavior and their activities during those two years will reveal that they were in fact part of a team that was designed to make sure that the worst case scenario of a gain a function lab leak spreading around the world for multiple years that might become an endemic problem.
Needed those people in order to take flight needed those people in order to go viral and also needed the active artificial censorship and promotion of these same people.
And that was orchestrated through networks of Elon Musk and Peter Thiel and other people that sit at the helm of weaponized piles of money.
And it's still an ongoing operation that is designed to co-opt anybody and everybody that can be co-opted into sticking to that t-shirt and running out the clock on our grandchildren for the people that want to enslave them.
And I have detailed very carefully how this limited spectrum of debate even was curated by the no virus people because we have been consciously and intelligently manipulated by these people for decades.
This is a quote from 1922, Edward Bernays.
Make no mistake about it. If they unleashed a sort of global information dominance kind of operation on us, which the NSA definitely engages in apparently, the White House makes announcements about global information dominance exercises that have been going on for years.
If that was done on social media, if that was done with these videos and with these fake heroes on fake white horses, then they have actively engaged in making it impossible for us to engage in informed consent.
That's a crime.
That's a crime of the highest order. That's treason in my mind. That's being a traitor to your fellow American.
And there are people in every country that were involved in this, but most importantly, there were Americans, ladies and gentlemen, that were involved in it in every one of those countries.
There were Americans. I got to let the dog out.
There were Americans that toured the world.
They toured the world for multiple years at multiple conferences in multiple countries and they were all Americans.
Americans and Canadians and NATO people.
Jessica Rose, Robert Malone, Pierre Corey, Meryl Nasse, Sasha Latipova, they have all toured together and been on stage together, spreading the ideas that are meant to enslave us, spreading the fear, uncertainty and doubt that are meant to enslave our children.
It was their job.
And it remains their job now.
That's why this week.
The story that Robert Malone told to to Neely and control in 2021.
Was repeated by Meryl Nasse at the Kim Aversen show.
And a couple days later was repeated again by Mary Holland on Shannon Joy.
A novel virus excess deaths and not willing to commit to the idea that maybe they just murdered people and lied about it.
Despite being at the cutting edge of of of objecting to public health at the cutting edge of establishing a health freedom movement in America, Mary Holland and Meryl Nasse.
This is their sound effect.
This is the sound effect that they deserve because they've achieved nothing but perpetuating the very mythology that was originally seeded by none other than Brett Weinstein, Robert Malone and Steve Kersch.
Along with this fake group drastic, which was almost exclusively foreign medlers.
You know, the foreign medler group called drastic on Twitter that supposedly solved the origin problem.
The one that Charles Ricksey preeminent patriot bald eagle decided to give the diffuse proposal to rather than an American authority or the FBI or, or I don't know, the Department of Justice.
He decided to go to drastic, a group of anonymous international medlers.
That threw me out of their group a few months earlier because I wanted to talk about transmission and didn't think the origin of a virus was as important as waking people up to the idea that transmission ain't vaccination, no matter how many times they call it that.
And so, I'm not a part of CHD because CHD has been a controlled operation sabotaging the energy and time of all of these courageous moms and dads that work for them.
They represent one great big giant hamster wheel where none of these people will actually make meaningful progress on most of the issues that are crucial to our grandchildren because of people like Merrill Nasse and Mary Holland.
They play for them, not for us.
I think I made that very clear last week in the videos that I did and the week before that.
I've made very clear that Robert Malone, Merrill Nasse and Mary Holland all agree that there are bad cave viruses that can cause pandemics.
They all agree that Ralph Barrack and other people are probably passaging viruses and causing even more pandemics.
They all agree that passaging in animals is even more dangerous and, oh my gosh, they can stitch this stuff together too.
I heard from Kevin McCurnan that there's SB 40 in the shots.
And this illusion of a worst case scenario is not being dispelled despite my best efforts for the last year inside and outside of that organization and the book writing team.
It's not happening.
The closest I got to it, ladies and gentlemen, the closest anyone has gotten to it is right here in the book that nobody wants to talk about.
Let's just go back and we're going to go right into the to the book.
We're going to go into the index.
We're going to go right to the C's.
We're going to look right over here and there's Jonathan Cooley and we're going to go right to page 441.
But it's not just engineered superbugs that should concern us with such an inventory of genetic sequences of every virus in the world malevolent actors with billions of dollars at stake would attribute even the most harmless seal and colds to a deadly
human being.
Pumped up in the media with pandemic porn and then vaccine deployed to terrify the masses as Jonathan Cooley said no actual virus would even be necessary.
So it's almost there.
Again, this is not me writing a book so I can't keep changing the words but I got it pretty damn close.
Because what's impressive about this this paragraph to me is that whether they like it or not it says it right here they have an inventory of the genomic sequences of.
they have an inventory of the genomic sequences of not viruses of all the background signal.
And if they've been characterizing the background signal for the last decade, then it would
be very easy for them to take that background signal and mischaracterize it as the spread
of a deadly novel passage.
There would be no actual virus even necessary.
Tell me one other person on the internet or on the anti-vax movement that's gotten
that close to this truth being out there.
Tell me one person who's even come close to dunking that hard.
And that's why Greg James supported me for the last three years.
That's why Stephen Cole, these people support me.
That's why Rodney Mullen supported me for three years.
That's why I get the attention of the Broken Science Initiative.
Because there ain't nobody else who's come that close.
No one.
That's one zoom meeting away from this being broken.
Don't you think for one second that any attribution of bad motives to me is anything but trying
to suppress this truth?
The truth that these people have been sustaining for many, many decades that even Ralph Barrick
is on the scene to sustain.
Right now we're in a situation where we have to play whack-a-mole every ten years where
a new one's going to emerge.
Is there some way we can look across the spectrum of the coronavirus and say, you know, these
are the three or four that we should be looking for in the next few years.
I think the advent of synthetic biology or synthetic genome design actually may allow
us to get to that question cheaply.
So if Christ is synthesizing viral genomes, get down to about five cents a day.
Now they've repeated this too often.
Not only that, but it's actually something that Kevin McCurnan repeats all the time too.
And all these human genome project people repeat over and over again.
It's not the same.
Just because they can print lots of books doesn't mean that they understand it.
But it does mean that if they wanted to tell you that a book was spreading around the world,
they could print a lot of copies of it and then distribute it around the world and lie
to you about it.
Holy shit.
The library is enrollment.
It's there too.
Wow.
How did that happen?
It's not because books copy themselves and fly around the world.
It's because DNA and RNA can be copied pretty well and it can be distributed and it can
be tested for using simple methods like PCR.
And so the careful orchestrated control of a narrative about coronaviruses as a cover
for the eventual use of self-replicating RNAs in therapeutics seems like almost too
obvious to me.
Do I really have to point that out?
Do I really have to say that if you wanted to convince the people that they should be
allowed to be tested on with self-replicating vaccines or self-replicating RNAs, one of
the best ways to mess around with them would be to say that all these things are outside
of you.
So if you find one, if you get sick, if we detect one, we don't know where it came from.
Must have been a Batcave or a laboratory.
Couldn't have possibly been from the testing we're doing.
It couldn't have been possibly in the vaccine that we gave you.
Couldn't be possibly in the food you eat.
It's a crime, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a crime scene that extends decades into the past and so we shouldn't assume to know
anything at this point, except to know that this guy was, again, laying down a narrative
which was part of where we are now.
It's a continuous narrative, it's a continuous story, there's a prelude like the Hobbit and
then there's the three main stories and so the Hobbit is what you're seeing right here.
This is the creation of the ring.
This is the creation of the mythology of Mordor and all that stuff.
It's there.
It's definitely there.
I mean, and now he's very slowly seeding a narrative of now it's even more dangerous
because we can make this shit cheap.
Make no mistake about it, ladies and gentlemen, they knew this was going to be their narrative.
They knew that this was going to be this Scooby-Doo.
That's why it's so beautiful.
Jeff's kiss here.
More than two decades they've been planning to pull this scheme on us so it's not surprising
that it's a little better than the sting.
You've never seen the movie The Sting.
That's one of these things where the setup and the orchestrated setup is here.
The orchestrated setup took decades.
They were setting up an entire bureaucracy and hoping that other bureaucracies around
the world would be set up as well.
They were setting up non-governmental organizations.
They were setting up entire populations of Western countries for this exercise.
And they started a long time ago.
I assure you, it is one continuous narrative.
That's why Judy Mickovitz's history is so important to understand how close it comes
to Robert Malone's history because it's one continuous theater and they try their best
not to recycle and add new actors because that's new variables and new potential cracks.
Wait till David Baltimore dies.
Wait until some of these people pass away how quickly things will change.
That's what I'm going to say.
It's scared the hell out of some of this.
But it does allow us to ask the questions in an affordable manner.
The other way to do it even more cheaply is to actually clone out the spike genes and
make, in essence, the competence where you drop the spike gene in a different bat coronavirus
is that you think may have appropriate properties that could be pre-emergent strains and characterize
their ability to replicate in human cells, both primary cells and other cells in culture.
So those types of questions.
If Mike Eden were to see some videos of soap and realize that Sasha's daughter was a medler
in the United States promoted by the National Security State onto Alex Jones three times
or two times in 2019, Michael Eden will discard Sasha Latipova like the Eastern European
handkerchief that she represents.
She will be nothing more than a ratty Shae Guevara t-shirt on the floor of Mike Eden's
new Porsche that he'll dispose of at the earliest convenient garbage can.
She's a joke and there's no reason to talk about her any more than that.
If she has Mike Eden enchanted, then whenever he needs help, all you got to do is send him
a video of soap and then remind him that this young woman was a young lady daughter
of Sasha Latipova, whatever you want to call her, was making highly produced, most likely,
military intelligence level videos causing chaos and confusion and bad energy in the
United States in 2019 and it wasn't by random.
It's not random.
Her daughter is not random.
Her daughter can only be seen as an active operation of some kind or another.
In my opinion, I don't see any other way to interpret it because it's not.
Watch her interviews with Alex Jones.
Listen to what she says about her family and about herself and about what she does.
I just think it's actually sad that they brought Sasha into it.
I mean, it really shows you how off-script they must be or how arrogant they've become
in terms of their confidence and their ability to govern with this mythology and these liars.
But you don't have to worry about Sasha, I mean, that is one of the bigger jokes in
this story to me.
I don't even think about her anymore.
Her daughter is such a obvious con that there's no other way to take Sasha other than an obvious
con.
Sasha stepped in front of two people that may have had legitimate messages, Catherine
Watt, and this guy, Craig Particopper from the UK.
And it doesn't matter what they think of Sasha, you can see very clearly that their messages
that came out originally are different than Sasha's.
And it doesn't matter if Catherine Watts says she's fine with Sasha representing her
because I'm not on the internet anymore.
What Sasha does with what I saw Catherine Watt does is boil down a very complicated hierarchy
into the DoD.
Or she makes it about her daughter, you know, like it's not weird.
Like her daughter is not an obvious red flag.
And that to me is where if you see that she was on stage with Robert Malone and Meryl
Nasse in 2022 and Sweden, like they traveled the world together, this is just blatantly
a military operation, a psychological military operation, probably being run by HHS or DITRA
or any of these other organizations that can at times influence or impose on the DoD but
can't tell them what to do.
I would go so far as to say the most likely thing is that Ralph Barrack and the CDC and
the NIH like Tony Fauci and all of these people at HHS, they actually staged a pandemic to
fool the DoD.
And maybe, maybe it's possible that somebody like Robert Malone is involved in that operation
to fool the DoD into thinking there was a pandemic so that the DoD would indeed do the
stupid shit that they did, which is transfect all the troops.
I want you to think about that very carefully, ladies and gentlemen, who were they on who
were they fooling in 2020?
Were they fooling you or me?
No, they weren't even in front of us in 2020.
They were fooling people behind the scenes.
They were fooling the DoD, I bet.
So that the DoD would be on board on this.
And now if the DoD is no longer on board on this, what would you see change?
What would happen?
Now you're starting to ask the right questions, ladies and gentlemen.
Now I think we're starting to get somewhere.
When we start to see that this illusion is complete, it's not just one guy pretending
to stop the train.
There were hundreds of people that were pretending to stop and start the train, which made this
illusion so much more effective.
One guy doing it doesn't really work.
It's actually funny when you watch him do it, right?
He's going to chalk his hands up now and he's going to push the train to get it started
again.
But I've said this before and I will say it today again.
Imagine if there were 20 of him and they were very big and they were wearing mech suits
that made a lot of noise and sparked.
Now the illusion of consensus would be much harder to dispel if they made groaning noises
and whatever.
You know, it would be much harder to dispel the illusion.
And I need you to see very clearly that if Robert Malone and Meryl Nasse and Mary Holland
and Pierre Corey and Peter McCullough and Ryan Cole and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Kevin
McCarron and Charles Ricksy and Steve Kirsch and Carrot Bundenbalschen and all of these
people around the world have been in a coordinated theater pretending to stop the train, agreeing
that the train exists, agreeing that certain things work to stop it when they don't.
Agreeing that the train is getting faster or slower, that this blue train is different
and the red train is how they did it.
It's actually how they did it.
I still keep hearing a little tiny whisper of something in the background like I'm like
I'm missing something.
Is this?
Oh, it was playing.
I knew it.
Something was going wrong.
Sorry about that.
You probably couldn't hear that, but I could hear it.
And so this list is incomplete, but it's the point that we're trying to make that's
important here.
The point is, is that the more people that orchestrate and agree to participate, you
know, if you have five people on Twiv, it's even more effective.
If you have four people on the view, it's even more effective than three.
If Judy Woodruff in interviews two people, it's even more effective than her just talking
to you.
And that's why they have engaged in more and more of these, these fake conversations
on television rather than just a single reporter.
A single reporter, his ideas that you can then process in real time and argument is
something you got to pay attention to and, and, and, and your, your understanding becomes
limited by that.
And that's how they got us to solve the mystery.
The Scooby-Doo has this thing does.
The Scooby-Doo was presented to us at, behind the scenes, I'm sure, by people like Robert
Malone behind the scenes, by people like Mike Callahan, by people like Rick Brown.
Right, by people like Redfield and Fauci and Burks, all convinced that something was
happening.
Then they put it on the PBS NewsHour and before you know it, they fooled the DoD.
That's a scenario that nobody seems to want to consider because remember, the DoD takes
orders.
They don't just do stuff.
So an easy way to blame the DoD would be to fool the DoD into doing something they shouldn't
have done and then say that they shouldn't know.
How would you do that?
You would use a team worst case scenario behind the scenes and several years of, of,
of pandemic exercises and publications and funding the building of an infrastructure and
response to it and, and James Giordano explaining why we need a response to it and how it would
work.
And then a careful seeding of a molecular signal that could be misconstrued as a spreading
novel pathogen could trigger a plan that the DoD would execute with brutal precision,
just like any other kill chain that engages it.
I just learned that phrase this weekend.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have been manipulated.
We have been manipulated by these people who claim to be coming to our rescue on white
horses.
They manipulated people behind the scenes in 2020 and 21 to make sure that the bureaucracy
that is the United States government would, for the most part, lumber forward and behind
the scenes, this illusion of consensus resulted in millions of people being coerced, fooled,
or frightened into taking a transfection as a therapeutic.
And people like Robert Malone are engaged in covering up that, that crime.
They want you to blame the pharmaceutical companies for their rush.
They want you to blame the government for their rush.
They want you to blame contamination in the shots.
They don't want you to blame them.
They don't want you to blame them for lying about the murder.
They don't want you to blame them for distracting you from the murder.
They don't want you to blame them for covering for the murder.
And they don't want you to blame and even know what they were doing in 2020 and 2021.
And that's why I make this pretty bold statement when I say that the no virus theme and the
gain of function lab leak theme were maintained with the same ideas in mind.
They were maintained as a limited spectrum of debate to make sure that we had plenty
to argue about and plenty of people to listen to argue about it.
And none of those people usefully talked about the totality of the malfeasance that
was ongoing in 2020 that allowed them to misconstrue really bad ideas as the spread of a really
dangerous RNA pathogen rather than the ideas themselves.
Any of these people could have scored a touchdown four years ago like I tried to by writing
a review that codifies everything they're now talking about.
But on my website, that review is labeled as a gigantic mythology that I myself bought
into three years ago and have finally pulled my head out of, whereas all of these people
including Meryl Nash, Mary Holland and Robert Malone are actually pushing the exact biology
that is detailed at the Scooby-Doo link on my website, which I disavowed as a mythology
of the national security state more than a year and a half ago now.
This illusion was created actively by them.
Robert Malone, Meryl Nash, Mary Holland, they're all part of it.
Wittingly or unwittingly because they refuse to pull their head out of this illusion of
consensus.
In fact, they keep reinforcing it.
They keep defending it.
They keep making sure that we never see this graph.
They keep making sure that they never say anything to the effect of maybe they murdered
people and lied about it.
Even when they know they murdered people and lied about it, they try their hardest not
to accentuate that because they're afraid then people might think there's no virus.
Because what I had it, it was strange.
Meryl Nash had it three times, although she never tested it.
And these people have been around the world, ladies and gentlemen, Americans have been
around the world.
Canadians have been around the world working for the slavers and absorbing the people
that need absorbing.
In this case, probably Ryan Cole and probably Nick Hudson and probably Denny Rancor are
being absorbed as his Byron Bridal was absorbed already a long time ago when Robert Malone
and Brett Weinstein did a podcast pretending that they weren't completely distracting from
Byron Bridal's coming out party in Canada, which occurred in the same frickin' month.
So I think that what you see is that they bring these heroes like Byron Bridal and Denny
Rancor and Nick Hudson to a place like Romania and not to the US Senate.
These same frickin' people, do you think Robert Malone didn't choose the Senate hearing
composition on purpose that, well, Nick Hudson couldn't make it?
You know, Denny Rancor, he couldn't make it.
They could make it to Romania, but they couldn't make it to the Senate.
Byron Bridal can't make it down here.
That's a tough travel.
Once you see these liars for who they are, these meddlers for who they are and how obvious
it is that they have to be liars, that they're meddling with these people, that they're
actively engaged in our governance through lying because they cover up Denny's work,
Nick's work, Ryan Cole's long speaking out from the very beginning gets marginalized
by these people.
Do you really think that Jennifer Jessica Rose deserves to make tens of thousands of
dollars a month as a sub-stack writer given her track record as a virologist, immunologist,
computational biologist, and whatever else she says she is, however many other degrees,
she says she's got the one thing that threw me off from the very beginning with Jessica
Rose was her claiming of post-doctoral degrees.
There's no such thing.
You don't do a post-doc in immunology and then say you have a post-doctoral degree in
immunology.
That's not how it works, but she's been saying that shit for three years.
That's just bullshit.
That's just deceptive.
She's never had a 10-year track position.
She's never even tried to maintain one.
She's never had an R01 grant or even helped someone write one.
She's never been on a nature neuroscience paper or a science paper.
She's never designed the experiments for one.
The best that she has done is create computer models of viral infection, computer models
of viral replication or computer models of viral distribution.
Brett Weinstein's dad worked for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s dad as the first patent lawyer
in the Department of Justice appointed by John F. Kennedy.
In 2021, Brett Weinstein had Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on his podcast for three hours.
They never mentioned it.
Even more interestingly, Brett never released that podcast for almost 14 months.
From November 2021, he held on to it until February 2023 and then he played it when it
was cool to amplify Bobby.
And in 2021, I was actually in a signal chat with Brett Weinstein where he never told us
that he interviewed Robert F. Kennedy Jr. at that time.
We have been so played, ladies and gentlemen, played by people who play for them.
The piles of weaponized money that control our government, the governments around the
world, pharmaceutical companies and corporations around the world are all controlled by the
same weaponized piles of money and these players play for them.
It is possible that a guy like Dell is absolutely fooled.
That's why he's got a genuine smile on his face, not an uncomfortable one.
It's very possible that Brian Hooker, this is one of the best days of his life and he's
just happy he can try to contribute to this group of people.
Brian Hooker's got his hands full with a very vaccine injured adult child and all kinds
of responsibilities at CHD which make him barely able to process on a daily basis what
he's got to do and how to do it.
You can't blame him for wanting to try this.
You can't blame a lot of these people for having been there.
But I do blame the ones that I have circled in green because I do know that these people
have lied to me to my face about COVID biology or to about their experience with it and more.
And that's why I don't fear calling these people out anymore.
What are they going to do?
Sue me for the truth.
These people are a part of an organized operation that was designed to make everyone on earth
believe that transfection in healthy humans was rushed but it pretty much worked.
And that RNA can cause a pandemic whether it's laboratory or bat cave origin.
And these are lies that can be very easily taught around, very easily taught over but
you need to learn biology and you need to pay attention to what they don't say.
Pay attention to what they don't talk about.
They're really dumb simple explanations or they're extremely stupid complicated explanations.
Either way, they avoid telling you the simple truth that books have been written about this
for decades.
I got a whole shelf of them now extend back to the early 90s where they are ceding a narrative
of this worst case scenario.
We've been in the car trapped with these people for four years and then we're in the
car, we're in the back seat and the driver and the passenger and the person sitting next
to us are all coordinatedly lying to us about a novel virus that millions of people died
from, the millions more were saved from, I think came from gain of function and will
come again.
And if we don't discard these people as the meddling traders that they are then we will
be effectively enslaving our children by the mythology that they have laid.
Once again, this is our hypothesis.
They lied to us about a dangerous novel virus and used every means necessary to convince
us of its existence, financial incentives, a previously characterized background misconstrued
as spread.
All of this is possible.
It's a crime.
I don't know how they did it.
I just know that they didn't.
But they say happened, which is an RNA molecule is pandemicking now, did not and cannot happen.
There is no precedence for it in biology.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate
the control group by any means necessary.
And if you'd like to help, please share this stream.
What?
Blue epidemiology.
Many episodes of Weave are off the line.
I would particularly talk about things that track every position.
Oh darn, it's deep.
You've got to go over here and stop there again.
You're here.
And let's go forward.
This river is too many.
Anyway, thanks very much guys.
I really appreciate it.
Why didn't I stop it?
I thought I stopped you.
Thank you very much for joining me.
This has been GIGO and Biological.
It's a high-resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
We are supported by viewers like you.
So if you'd like to help out with that, please go to GIGO and biological.com and find a way
to contribute.
Again, I will be on tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
Look for a sub stack.
I'm probably going to put something up later today.
It won't be a video or a transcript.
But it'll be something related to what I talked to at the beginning of the stream so that
we can make sure that we see why.
So to speak, cover our asses.
Thank you very much and I will see you again soon.
Thanks for watching.